Translated by Nijigen
Page 1:
(Right column)
Miho Nakayama will become your lover!
Be ready for quick intimacy!!
(Bottom)
Idol Hotline:
Miho Nakayama's Heartbeat High School
Event term: 19/12/87 (Saturday) to 29/2/88 (Monday)
Subscription is FREE
DISK SYSTEM
Family Computer Disk System

Page 2:
(Title)
Romantic simulation between you and Miho via phone
(Below title)
The super-idol Miho Nakayama debuts in the Famicom!
(Next to the phone)
A phone number will appear as you play with the choices.
If you dial that number, you'll receive a message from Miho.
(Bottom left)
The phone fee will be roughly 1000 yen as you advance through the game.
(Bottom right)
Only Miho knows how the game will turn up.
(White part)
Idol Hotline:
Miho Nakayama's Heartbeat High School
FSC-THSE (???)
On sale from 1/12 (Tuesday)
Suggested retail price: 3500 yen
Can be rewritten with another game
Rewriting with the Disk Writer available from 14/12 (Monday)
However, rewriting with a yellow card is invalid
(Notice)
Please remember that the card-sale day and the sign-up day are different

Page 3:
(These are names of toy-shops. Skipping for now.)

Page 4-5:
Shops with Disk Fax machines.
1: You need a blue card with a shutter.
Mario: You can play with this card!
Peach: Good luck!
2: Play the game in the Disk System.
Mario: I got a happy end!
(Footnote)
Make sure to SAVE your name, address, and phone number.
3: Sign up in shops with Disk Fax machines!
Peach: You can subscribe for free any number of times.
(Footnote)
The data will be sent to the Central Computer via the Disk Fax.
4: Check out the results in the counter.
Mario: I got some Miho goodies!
Peach: Congrats!
(Footnote)
After subscriptions close off, the Central Computer will collect the results.

Page 7:
(Right column)
You can win original Miho goods.
(Below)
Lottery-based
(Red ribbon mark) Signed VHS tape			8000 available
(Blue ribbon mark) Signed telephone card	8000 available
Total										16000 available
Reach the happy end and sign up!

Purchase the disk card (Heartbeat High School) > Play in the Disk System > Sign up in a shop with a Disk Fax > Announcement (in the first ten days of March)
Cautions upon subscribing:
1. This 4th Famicom Event completes the Family Computer Virtualization Project (???) using Disk Fax machines installed in shops.
2. Please make sure to sign up using blue disks with shutters (FSC cards). You can't participate in this event using yellow disks or shutterless FSC cards.
3. This time you won't compete for positions. Advance through the game, and sign up once you've gotten a present mark.
4. You can sign up for free any number of times, but only the last data submitted will be registered in the Nintendo Central Computer.
5. Make sure your address, name and phone number are correct. If you sign up with an incorrect ID card, you won't receive the prizes, even if you win.
6. The present marks on screen can be either a red ribbon mark or a blue one. Those who sign up with a red ribbon mark participate for a signed VHS tape, and those who do it with a blue one participate for a signed telephone card.
7: You'll have to dial numbers during the game, so make sure you don't mistake them. Also, when you phone the numbers the time will be delayed (???), so please call again.
8. The line of the numbers on screen will be valid for three months after the sign up closing day.
9. You'll receive a wonderful message from Miho at the moment of signing up. Look forward to it...
10. Submitted data considered incomplete or improper will be erased from the Central Computer according to the event rules.
11. The winners will be announced in each shop where they signed up. Only the winners will be notified about the goods shipment.